[Kotlin Sync] Support naming strategy for bson-kotlinx (#90)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/data-formats/serialization.txt

   :end-before: end-codec
   :dedent:

.. _kotlin-sync-serialization-snake-case-eg:

> Enforcing Snake Case Naming Example

Reviewer: I: use present tense imperative, also consider dropping example as this isn't a full example.
```suggestion
Implement Snake Case Naming Strategy
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following example shows how to convert field names from their data class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using ``bson-kotlinx`` package v5.4 or later, you can direct the driver to
serialize data class fields names written in camel case to snake case in MongoDB.
The following example shows how to create and register a custom codec
to convert data class
```

> fields into snake case by setting the ``bsonNamingStrategy`` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
field names into snake case by setting the ``bsonNamingStrategy`` parameter
in a codec:
```

The following example shows how to create and register a custom codec
to convert data class field names into snake case by setting the
``bsonNamingStrategy`` parameter in a codec:

> 

Reviewer: S: remove extra line

   :end-before: end-snake-case
   :dedent:

.. note::

>    The ``bsonNamingStrategy`` parameter is available for bson-kotlinx v5.4 and later.

Reviewer: S: move this note into the content, see above comment

>    The ``bsonNamingStrategy`` parameter is available for {+driver-short+} v5.4 and later.

Reviewer 2: Note it's available via bson-kotlinx v5.4 and later and not the driver.
